Add docs for index component selector api convention (#128786)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/rest-apis/api-conventions.md

GET /_nodes/ra*:2*
```

### Index Component Selectors [api-component-selectors]

Some APIs that accept a `<data-stream>`, `<index>`, or `<target>` request path parameter also support *selector syntax*.

Some indices and data streams are made of multiple components besides their default data. These other components store additional data which can be queried separately like a regular index. Some APIs may operate on subsets of these index components which can be specified by using a selector suffix.

There are currently two selector suffixes supported by {{es}} APIs:

`::data`

> :   (Indices, data streams) This selector references the default component present on all indices and data streams which holds the regular data contained therein.

Reviewer: I think this sentence could be clearer, I think we can simplify it (e.g.: `::data` refers to backing indices containing regular data, not failures.)

`::failures`

> :   (Data streams only) This component references data stored in a data stream's [failure store](docs-content://manage-data/data-store/data-streams/failure-store.md). This component is only present on data streams.

Reviewer: I don't think we can say it references "data", because that doesn't work for non-data APIs. For example `GET /myds::failures/_settings` returns the settings for the failure store indices, and not the data stored in those failure store indices.

As an example, [search]({{es-apis}}group/endpoint-search), [field capabilities]({{es-apis}}operation/operation-field-caps), and [index stats]({{es-apis}}operation/operation-indices-stats) APIs can all report results from a different component rather than from the default data.

> Selectors are applied to an index pattern at the end and can be combined with other index pattern syntax like [date math](#api-date-math-index-names) and wildcards.

Reviewer: > Selectors are applied … at the end …

applied at the end of what? Is it that they're the last thing resolved, or at the end of the name pattern itself?

```console

> # Search for regular data on a data stream

Reviewer: I think "regular" may mislead here (and the word "failures" is hard also, because a user could be indexing failures successfully). Perhaps something like
```suggestion
# Search the data (non-failure) backing indices of a data stream
```
Maybe that's too specific though?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Search for data (non-failure) in the data stream backing indices
```
Would this work?
